IGNITE-28895 Document Calcite window functions (#13374)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/sql-reference/window-functions.adoc

// Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
// contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
// this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
// The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
// (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
// the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.
= Window Functions

Window functions calculate a value for each row returned by a query. The value is calculated over a set of rows related

> to the current row. This set of rows is called a window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Window functions calculate a value for each row returned by a query. The value is calculated over a set of rows defined by PARTITION BY (peer group) + ORDER BY + frame (ROWS/RANGE). This set of rows is called a window.
```
